Anomaly detection beta (#10752)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_platform/security_monitoring/log_detection_rules.md

Detect when an attribute changes to a new value. For example, if you create a trigger based on a specific attribute, such as `country` or `IP address`, a security signal will be generated whenever a new value is seen which has not been seen before.

### Anomaly

<div class="alert alert-warning">
Anomaly detection is currently in <a href="https://app.datadoghq.com/security/configuration/rules/new">public beta</a>.
</div>

> Define an anomaly detection rule when configuring a threshold isn't an option. With anomaly detection, a dynamic threshold is automatically derived from the past observations of the events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configuring a specific threshold isn't an option, you can define an anomaly detection rule instead. With anomaly detection, a dynamic threshold is automatically derived from the past observations of the events.
```

Click the **Advanced** option to add queries that will **Only trigger a signal when** a value is met, or **Never trigger a signal** when a value is met. For example, if a user is triggering a signal, but their actions are benign and you no longer want signals triggered from this user, create a logs query that excludes `@user.username: john.doe` under `Never Trigger A Signal`.

[1]: /logs/search_syntax/
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Anomaly" %}}

Construct a search query using the same logic as a log explorer search.

Optionally, define a unique count and signal grouping. Count the number of unique values observed for an attribute in a given timeframe. The defined group-by generates a signal for each group by value. Typically, the group by is an entity (like user, or IP).

Anomaly detection inspects how the `group by` attribute has behaved in the past. If a group by attribute is seen for the first time (for example, the first time an IP is communicating with your system) and is anomalous, it will not generate a security signal because the anomaly detection algorithm has no historical data to base its decision on.

> **Note**: The query applies to all Datadog events and ingested logs which do not require indexing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The query applies to all Datadog events and ingested logs that do not require indexing.
```
??? I think? either that or `, which`

**Note**: If a unique signal is required for every new value, configure this value to `0 minutes`.

[1]: /monitors/notifications/?tab=is_alert#integrations
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Anomaly" %}}

### Severity and notification

> Set the severity of the Security Signal. The dropdown allows you to select an appropriate severity level (`INFO`, `LOW`, `MEDIUM`, `HIGH`, `CRITICAL`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select an appropriate severity level for the security signal (`INFO`, `LOW`, `MEDIUM`, `HIGH`, `CRITICAL`).
```

In the “Notify” section, configure zero or more [notification targets][1].

### Time windows

> Datadog automatically detects the seasonality of the data and will generate a security signal once the data is determined to be anomalous.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog automatically detects the seasonality of the data and will generate a security signal when the data is determined to be anomalous.
```
